#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
anyio==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
bandit==1.7.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==23.12.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via black
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via bandit
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via playwright
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.20.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   python-language-server
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.2
    # via jupyterlab-lsp
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyterlab-lsp
jupyterlab-code-formatter==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyterlab-lsp==3.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-vim==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
line-profiler==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.4
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert[webpdf]==7.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.6
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
overrides==7.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.7.1
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
playwright==1.41.0
    # via nbconvert
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via python-language-server
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyee==11.0.1
    # via playwright
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-jsonrpc-server==0.4.0
    # via python-language-server
python-language-server==0.36.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bandit
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via bandit
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via bandit
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via pyee
ujson==5.9.0
    # via
    #   python-jsonrpc-server
    #   python-language-server
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
